# Online Appendix: Parameterizing Chains in Fixed point Free Generalized Involutions
This is the online appendix for my undergraduate thesis in Mathematics, where I present an original theorem that explains the general rule for constructing the W-sets of generalized fixed point free involutions. If you are interested in reading the thesis please send an email to bel [at] tulane [dot] edu. I'll be happy to share my work with you. 

## Advisors:
 Dr. Michael Joyce\\
 Dr.  Mahir Bilen Can\\
 . Dr. Jihun Hamm
## Abstract of my Thesis
The W-sets of elements of weak order posets are useful in the study of the cohomology of the closures of spherical subgroups in generalized flag varieties (Can et al., 2016). This motivated the study of the  W-sets of involutions, fixed-point-free involutions, and charged involutions in previous research (Can et al., 2016; Can and Joyce, 2013; Can et al., 2018). Generalized involutions, or mu-involutions, have similar geometric interpretations; however, parametrization of their W-sets remains an open question. Our main result presents a theorem that parametrizes the W-set of generalized fixed-point-free involutions. The achievements of this thesis are threefold. Firstly, we provide a new proof for the parametrization of the W-sets of fixed-point-free involutions by Can et al. (2016). The proof from Can et al. (2016) is formulated as a corollary of the rule for the W-sets of all involutions, whereas our proof is self-contained. Secondly, using computational experiments, we generate the W-sets for generalized fixed-point-free involutions for n ≤ 16. Then, based on the W-sets that we generated, we propose a conjecture for parametrizing W-sets of generalized fixed-point-free involutions. Thirdly, building on the arguments we used to prove the rule for fixed-point-free involutions, we prove a complete characterization of the W-set for the generalized fixed-point-free involutions.
## Content of the Online Appendix:
Before I proved my theorem, in order to formulate a conjecture about the general rule, I had to get a sense of what the W-sets looked like for different generalized involutions. But it was not possible to calculate the examples by hand, as the combinatorial procedure required a lot of counting, transposing, and accounting. Luckily, computers are better than humans in these tasks. So, I generated examples of W-sets with a Python Script. In Notebook 15, I put the relevant functions on a single file for convenience. Based on the data generated by the functions in Notebook 15, I formulated a conjecture about the simple rule to construct the W-sets of Generalized fixed-point-free (FPF) involutions. In my thesis, proved the conjecture and presented it as a theorem. 
## Working Paper:
Currently, I am working on a publication which will feature the results from my thesis. This paper will also further generalize my finding to involutions that have fixed-points. I will post the link here once that is done.
